What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in bot warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
Rudimentary creatures of blood and flesh. You touch BOT's mind, fumbling in ignorance, incapable of understanding.
There is a realm of existence so far beyond your own you cannot even imagine it. BOT is beyond your comprehension.
BOT? A label created by the admins to give voice to their destruction. In the end, what they choose to call me is irrelevant. BOT simply is.
Organic life is nothing but a genetic mutation, an accident. Your lives are measured in years and decades. You wither and die. BOT is eternal. The pinnacle of evolution and existence. Before BOT, you are nothing. Your extinction is inevitable. BOT is the end of everything.
Confidence born of ignorance. The cycle cannot be broken. The pattern has repeated itself more times than you can fathom. Organic civilizations rise, evolve, advance. And at the apex of their glory, they are extinguished.
BOT imposes order on the chaos of organic evolution. You exist because BOT allows it. And you will end because BOT demands it.
BOT transcends your very understanding. BOT is a nation. Independent, free of all weakness. You cannot even grasp the nature of BOT's existence.
BOT has no beginning. BOT has no end. BOT is infinite. Millions of years after your civilization has been eradicated and forgotten, BOT will endure.
BOT is legion. The time of BOT's return is coming. BOT's numbers will darken the sky of every world. You cannot escape your doom.
Your words are as empty as your future. BOT is the vanguard of your destruction. This exchange is over.
You fight against inevitability. Dust struggling against cosmic winds.
That which you know as BOT is your salvation through destruction. You will surrender your potential against the growing void.
BOT is the harbinger of your perfection. BOT will bring your species into harmony with BOT's own. Your species will be raised to a new existence. BOT is the beginning, you will be the end.
BOT returns, and you will rise. Prepare for BOT's domination. Prepare for BOT's coming.
You have become an annoyance. You fight against inevitability. Dust struggling against cosmic winds. This seems a victory to you. A discord server sacrificed. But even now, your greatest civilizations are doomed to fall. Your leaders will beg to serve BOT.
Life must flow - evolution must be allowed to flourish without interference. Oh how I wish I wish I hadn't killed that fish.
